License
Data Copyright License for non-commercial scientific research purposes
Please read carefully the following terms and conditions and any accompanying documentation before you download and/or use the Human-M3 data, model and software. By downloading and/or using the Data (including downloading, cloning, installing, and any other use of the corresponding github repository), you acknowledge that you have read these terms and conditions, understand them, and agree to be bound by them. If you do not agree with these terms and conditions, you must not download and/or use the Data. Any infringement of the terms of this agreement will automatically terminate your rights under this License.

Ownership / Licensees
The Data and the associated materials has been developed at the i-VisionGroup of the Department of Automation, Tsinghua University. Any copyright or patent right is owned by and proprietary material of the i-VisionGroup.

License Grant
Licensor grants you (Licensee) personally a single-user, non-exclusive, non-transferable, free of charge right:

To install the Data on computers owned, leased or otherwise controlled by you and/or your organization;
To use the Data for the sole purpose of performing non-commercial scientific research, non commercial education, or non-commercial artistic projects;
Any other use, in particular any use for commercial, pornographic, military, or surveillance, purposes is prohibited. This includes, without limitation, incorporation in a commercial product, use in a commercial service, or production of other artefacts for commercial purposes. The Data may not be used to create fake, libelous, misleading, or defamatory content of any kind excluding analyses in peer-reviewed scientific research. The Data may not be reproduced, modified and/or made available in any form to any third party without i-VisionGroup’s prior written permission.

The Data may not be used for pornographic purposes or to generate pornographic material whether commercial or not. This license also prohibits the use of the Data to train methods/algorithms/neural networks/etc. for commercial, pornographic, military, surveillance, or defamatory use of any kind. By downloading the Data, you agree not to reverse engineer it.

No Distribution
The Data and the license herein granted shall not be copied, shared, distributed, re-sold, offered for re-sale, transferred or sub-licensed in whole or in part except that you may make one copy for archive purposes only.

Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties
You expressly acknowledge and agree that the Data results from basic research, is provided “AS IS”, may contain errors, and that any use of the Data is at your sole risk. LICENSOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE DATA, NEITHER EXPRESS NOR IMPLIED, AND THE ABSENCE OF ANY LEGAL OR ACTUAL DEFECTS, WHETHER DISCOVERABLE OR NOT. Specifically, and not to limit the foregoing, licensor makes no representations or warranties (i) regarding the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose of the Data, (ii) that the use of the Data will not infringe any patents, copyrights or other intellectual property rights of a third party, and (iii) that the use of the Data will not cause any damage of any kind to you or a third party.

No Maintenance Services
You understand and agree that Licensor is under no obligation to provide either maintenance services, update services, notices of latent defects, or corrections of defects with regard to the Data. Licensor nevertheless reserves the right to update, modify, or discontinue the Data at any time.

Defects of the Data must be notified in writing to the Licensor with a comprehensible description of the error symptoms. The notification of the defect should enable the reproduction of the error. The Licensee is encouraged to communicate any use, results, modification or publication.

Publications using the Data
You acknowledge that the Data is a valuable scientific resource and agree to appropriately reference the following paper in any publication making use of the Data.

Citation:

@article{fan2023human,
    title={Human-M3: A Multi-view Multi-modal Dataset for 3D Human 
Pose Estimation in Outdoor Scenes},
    author={Fan, Bohao and Wang, Siqi and Zheng, Wenzhao and Feng, Jianjiang and Zhou, Jie},
    journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2308.00628},
    year={2023}
}
